container-puppeteer-firefox-chrome/README.md, before:

# Introduction

This is the build directory for the `puppeteer-chrome` and `puppeteer-firefox` images.  
Which are Alpine images with Chrome/Firefox and puppeteer installed.

## Building

Run `docker compose build` to build the images and use them for testing or  
instrumented by the Green Metrics Tool runner.

## Using this container for development

A simple puppeteer script that fetches data from the <green-coding.org> is present  
in this directory in a Firefox and Chrome variant.  

### Firefox

Run `docker compose run puppeteer-firefox` to start the Firefox container  
and then you can run the puppeteer script by calling:

```sh
node puppeteer-image-test-firefox.js
```

The Firefox browser is available inside the container as `firefox`.

### Chrome

Run `docker compose run puppeteer-chrome` to start the Chrome container  
and then you can run the puppeteer script by calling:

```sh
node puppeteer-image-test-chrome.js
```

The Chrome browser is available inside the container as `chromium-browser` and  
it needs to be started along with the argument `--no-sandbox`.

Commit message:

Building should NOT be done through the compose file, as this will add volume bindings that seem to break the container if it is run in a different environment ...

container-puppeteer-firefox-chrome/README.md, after:

# Introduction

This is the build directory for the `puppeteer-chrome` and `puppeteer-firefox` images.  
Which are Alpine images with Chrome/Firefox and puppeteer installed.

## Downloading

These images are available in their newest tested version on Docker Hub.

We recommend pulling them from there, which saves resources as well as gives you 
a working setup.

- `docker pull greencoding/puppeteer-chrome` or
- `docker pull greencoding/puppeteer-firefox`

If you want the newest testing version (potentially unstable) use:

- `docker pull greencoding/puppeteer-chrome:testing` or
- `docker pull greencoding/puppeteer-firefox:testing`


## Building locally

Run either 
- `docker build -f puppeteer_chrome.Dockerfile .` or
- `docker build -f puppeteer_firefox.Dockerfile .` 

to build the images and use them for testing or instrumented by the Green Metrics Tool runner.

## Using this container for development

A simple puppeteer script that fetches data from the <green-coding.org> is present  
in this directory in a Firefox and Chrome variant.  

### Using Firefox

Run `docker compose run puppeteer-firefox` to start the Firefox container  
and then you can run the puppeteer script by calling:

```sh
node puppeteer-image-test-firefox.js
```

The Firefox browser is available inside the container as `firefox`.

### Using Chrome

Run `docker compose run puppeteer-chrome` to start the Chrome container  
and then you can run the puppeteer script by calling:

```sh
node puppeteer-image-test-chrome.js
```

The Chrome browser is available inside the container as `chromium-browser` and  
it needs to be started along with the argument `--no-sandbox`.
